Tie::Hash::Stack Version $Revision: 0.9 $
=======================================

Tie::Hash::Stack creates a stack of hashes (FILO) that acts like a
single hash.  All hashes are examined when recalling values; in the 
case of duplicate keys in separate hashes, the key nearest the top
(most recently added) of the stack will be used.  Any storing of
values is always done on the topmost hash.  Several functions are
provided for manipulating this stack.

This class can be used for cases where several 'pages' of data are
collected in a linear series, with the possiblity that it may be
necessary to back-up in the series (i.e. installation programs or
web forms).  

INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

DEPENDENCIES

This module does not depend on any other non-standard modules.  
It should work with Perl 5.0x and 5.x.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This program is Copyright 2001 by Michael K. Neylon.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


